migration files? what are these? how imp are they in case of development and production? in development we can remove it and start over but not in production? npx prisma studio

npx prisma migrate dev, what does it do? creates migration and also prisma client(for older versions or for newer prisma too?). what is generated folder? it contains types but for what?

lib->db.ts, something about prisma client imp for development or something. these methods and tech stack keep on changing a lot with time, you cant learn a method and then expect yourself to do everything by yourself. times have changed, dont focus on methods, focus on concepts like hot reload, db, prisma, prisma client, development only issue and why they dont happen in production, production related issues that dont show up in development, what are all the types of issue that usually happen, typescript, js, react, client and server components, async, sync, etc concepts. and about those methods? whenever stuck try to read the documentation and ask ai. so we are not learning syntaxes and methods, we are learning concepts: what are we doing? what is a schema, migration? what is prisma and how does it work, for eg: some words related to prisma are schema, migrations, client, database, postgresql, prisma client,... etc. we can learn about some methods and syntaxes, but just what they do and not remembering the exact syntax word to word. ig i am confused in these things, what i feel is i should def know about terminal commands like npx prisma migrate dev coz they can be asked in interviews(but i think its rare, idk), and i should know the file and folder structure and what type of code is there and what is the purpose of blocks or sections of codes and the file in particular, but i should definitely not try to memorize the code and syntax.

db.ts: hot reload, global, db, no new instances of prisma client on hot reload, development only issue(wwhat are other types of issues?): no need to do it in case of productions, antonio reads documentations,

page.tsx: learn typescript js and react, client and server components(things like useEffect and async sync),async sync (which components can do and cant do?), 